(This file is under construction.)			-*- text -*-

If you've contributed to gas and your name isn't listed here, it is
not meant as a slight.  I just don't know about it.  Email me,
raeburn@cygnus.com and I'll correct the situation.

This file will eventually be deleted: The general info will go into
the documentation, and info on specific files will go into an AUTHORS
file, as requested by the FSF.

++++++++++++++++

Dean Elsner wrote the original gas for vax.  [more details?]

Jay Fenlason maintained gas for a while, adding support for
gdb-specific debug information and the 68k series machines, most of
the preprocessing pass, and extensive changes in messages.c,
input-file.c, write.c.

K. Richard Pixley maintained gas for a while, adding various
enhancements and many bug fixes, including merging support for several
processors, breaking gas up to handle multiple object file format
backends (including heavy rewrite, testing, an integration of the coff
and b.out backends), adding configuration including heavy testing and
verification of cross assemblers and file splits and renaming,
converted gas to strictly ansi C including full prototypes, added
support for m680[34]0 & cpu32, considerable work on i960 including a
coff port (including considerable amounts of reverse engineering), a
sparc opcode file rewrite, decstation, rs6000, and hp300hpux host
ports, updated "know" assertions and made them work, much other
reorganization, cleanup, and lint.

Ken Raeburn currently maintains gas, and wrote the high-level BFD
interface code to replace most of the code in format-specific I/O
modules.

The original VMS support was contributed by David L. Kashtan.  Eric
Youngdale has done much work with it since.

The Intel 80386 machine description was written by Eliot Dresselhaus.

Minh Tran-Le at IntelliCorp contributed some AIX 386 support.

The Motorola 88k machine description was contributed by Devon Bowen of
Buffalo University and Torbjorn Granlund of the Swedish Institute of
Computer Science.

Mark Eichin wrote the original (incomplete) ELF back end.

Keith Knowles at the Open Software Foundation wrote the original MIPS
back end (tc-mips.c, tc-mips.h), and contributed Rose format support
that hasn't been merged in yet.  Ralph Campbell worked with the MIPS
code to support a.out format.

Support for the Zilog Z8k and Hitachi H8/300 and H8/500 processors
(tc-z8k, tc-h8300, tc-h8500), and IEEE 695 object file format
(obj-ieee), was written by Steve Chamberlain of Cygnus Support.  Steve
also modified the COFF back end to use BFD for some low-level
operations, for use with the H8/300 and AMD 29k targets.

John Gilmore worked on the AMD 29000 support.  [doing what?  any major
work on other parts?]

Ian Lance Taylor of Cygnus Support merged the Motorola and MIT
syntaxes for the 68k, completed support for some COFF targets (68k,
i386 SVR3, and SCO Unix), and made a few other minor patches.

Support for generation of listings was added by Steve Chamberlain.

Several engineers at Cygnus Support have also provided many small bug
fixes and configuration enhancements.


Many others have contributed large or small bugfixes and enhancements,
including: [review ChangeLog and file comments and sort out
details...]

Allen Wirfs-Brock, of Instantiations Inc [changed app.c, but how much?]
